[LISKDOCS-37] Add Tenderly nodes (#271)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/lisk-tools/node-providers.md

---

> title: Node Providers

Reviewer: Unable to build and serve as when I run `npm run build && npm run serve`  I get the following:
<img width="1430" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e68bead8-bab6-4e5a-9016-bf074f28aa0d" />

Author: errors should be fixed now!

> title: Node Providers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Node providers
```

Author: Regarding capitalization, we are not following a clear rule at the moment, e.g. https://docs.lisk.com/lisk-tools/indexers is also capitalized. I agree we should be more consistent in the way we capitalize, so especially for titles of pages in the navigation, i propose we follow general rules for capitalization of titles as desribed [here](https://www.grammarly.com/blog/punctuation-capitalization/capitalization-in-titles/) for example. Which would mean the current capitalization is the correct way to do it.

Reviewer: Thanks for pointing out this inconsistency. AFAIK, the typography of Lisk's current branding uses sentence case, which is why all the text in the navigation bar on top and on the left is also in sentence case. I personally don't mind using either solution. I have asked Rita to confirm the case we use and will post it here.

> slug: /lisk-tools/node-providers

Reviewer: This generates the following error! Please correct.
<img width="1201" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/45973d51-7f61-45a2-b768-92a5bc62dc7e" />

  ]
---

> # Node Providers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Node providers
```

2. **Set up your node:** Visit the [Setting Up RPC Nodes](https://docs.moralis.com/get-your-node-api-key) guide to create and configure your RPC node.
3. **Make your first RPC call:** Once you have your node set up, follow the [tutorial](https://docs.moralis.com/make-your-first-rpc-call) to make your first JSON-RPC call using ethers.js.

## Tenderly

> [Tenderly](https://tenderly.co/) is a Web3 Development Platform which offers its tools and infrastructure across 79+ networks. Some networks, like Lisk, additionally have Node RPC support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tenderly](https://tenderly.co/) is a Web3 development platform that offers its tools and infrastructure across 79+ networks. Some networks, like Lisk, also have node RPC support.
```
